# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.6
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.63
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-huggingface==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pillow==11.2.1
    # via sentence-transformers
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via torch
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.52.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
